README.md, before:

# BartenderNode
NodeJS Server

# ExpressJS

ExpressJS is a micro-framework for service HTTP requests using
NodeJS. You can find more information about best practices
[here](https://expressjs.com/en/advanced/best-practice-performance.html).

# Code

## Logging

Logging is handled by Winston <https://www.npmjs.com/package/winston>

## HTTP Server

The HTTP server is a simple ExpressJS application.

## JS Version

Code is transpiled from ECMAScript 2015 using Babel
(see .babelrc). 

You can find an excellent style guide for the new features
here <https://github.com/airbnb/javascript#ecmascript-6-es-2015-styles>

### Major Syntax Differences

#### Imports

It is advisable to use `import libName from 'package';`
rather than `var libName = require('package');`

You can find further documentation [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import).

#### Template Literals

Whereas before you would have to insert variables into a string
using a syntax like `var stringName = 'static text: ' + varName;`
you can now use a template literal `var stringName = \`static text: ${varName}\``.

#### Consts and Vars

You can now declare a `const` in addition to declaring `var`'s. Generally
it is a good idea to start by declaring something `const` and then only
making it a `var` if you really have to. This is largely because it is
easier to debug things when there are no mutations.

<https://github.com/airbnb/javascript#references>

Note also that [let and const are block scoped](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript#references--block-scope).

Commit message:

Converted base ExpressJS project to boilerplate

README.md, after:

# BartenderNode
NodeJS Server Boilerplate for developing components to be integrated to ExpressJS server later.

It is advisable to try to develop new features directly on the BartenderNode repository (not the boilerplate repo),
but if you are unfamiliar with ExpressJS/Unit Tests then you can edit code here.

# How to Use
Simply edit `api/yourCodeHere.js`. All logic that will be merged into the BartenderNode repo later should
be placed in separate files such as `api/textToSpeech.js` and imported to `yourCodeHere.js`. This will
help ensure integration will go more smoothly.

# Code

## Logging

Logging is handled by Winston <https://www.npmjs.com/package/winston>

## HTTP Server

The HTTP server is a simple ExpressJS application.

## JS Version

Code is transpiled from ECMAScript 2015 using Babel
(see .babelrc). 

You can find an excellent style guide for the new features
here <https://github.com/airbnb/javascript#ecmascript-6-es-2015-styles>

### Major Syntax Differences

#### Imports

It is advisable to use `import libName from 'package';`
rather than `var libName = require('package');`

You can find further documentation [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import).

#### Template Literals

Whereas before you would have to insert variables into a string
using a syntax like `var stringName = 'static text: ' + varName;`
you can now use a template literal `var stringName = \`static text: ${varName}\``.

#### Consts and Vars

You can now declare a `const` in addition to declaring `var`'s. Generally
it is a good idea to start by declaring something `const` and then only
making it a `var` if you really have to. This is largely because it is
easier to debug things when there are no mutations.

<https://github.com/airbnb/javascript#references>

Note also that [let and const are block scoped](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript#references--block-scope).
